you know I'm staying here until the end
of the season that's end of October so
it's practically two months so you will
stay here yeah we haven't if only a
short important for the moment isn't so
far you how you feel with each other
became dirty boy I think very well it
was a good game to look at the writing
was rather high and a lot of occasions
to score for both teams and in first we
woman that's and now easy to that you
were introduced by as I went to joy
No so you just contact I let me - I knew
then seen since before me
it's also my girl for timing has nothing
to do with so why do you shoot busy taro
they asked me if I wanted to help nobody
and other especially it's very easy and
what is the main reason you come to work
here in this moment I didn't have any
job and I'd see myself from 1st of
January so to stay here so economy where
do you stay in Bangkok I say no time in
a hotel
do you have any plan to buy I don't know
Surat Thani one today no tomorrow night
today No
fatality what did you say I can't seem
to get down
no I had some good interesting even if I
have a good job unfortunately only for
one year that we did a good job their
attic very good
you are quite family a bit tired because
you do your you were little at
Manchester City and Leicester and down
visit hello can you tell me where the
different compare that's the distant
Thai people know Thai people a nice
people of course nice people so then
talk about your former boss actually
none could not which I write visually
sir yeah what do you think about them
the businessman one is a politican as
well and of course they came into
football in Yerevan
I think they like it I'm sure they'd
like to thank finger you'll see how
Lester will do this season I don't think
I can go I hopefully they are not super
coach we have her to help you on
relationship between direct action is
not quietly that this truly is not quite
well I don't know I haven't seen him I
talked to him since I left Manchester
City so it's not good it's not bad it's
nothing I don't have any relationship at
all with the owner of the club and he
hired me for one year and of course
relevant relationships assembly could I
not know much since then I never spoke
to I don't you in the season yes good
after that on the team really onions and
I decided everything about to tell him I
consulted as you always do in England so
what is the embody future of high
football after you watching our game our
hourly as I said I think it's I've been
here many many years ago and I think
today it's a big difference to police
dispatcher today
people talk football or people look at
football at school so it's growing which
is cookies coming getting better quickly
and I've been in China I love them it's
the same thing then for Polish cologne
and very much and if we have to improve
for our football and what is it just to
work train that's just playing today
it's only by training a lot playing a
lot that you can be better
so that's funny on it is really about
and you are here for that's that's
British media that's how they are I'm
here for the job of course how often do
you come to Thailand before you take
this job I was with Manchester City
Leicester City a couple times a year for
mostly simple reasons and they for that
time in here man
only they in air with the cydonia
another teacher as well so I like
Thailand it's easy to like the country